In this video I'm going to talk about which integrated development environment would be better to use
with Ross usually especially for new users.
They face the difficulty to decide which development environment to use to develop with us.
There are different alternatives so I'm willing to discuss a few of them in this video.
The first possible option is to use Eclipse so here when you open eclipse you need to open it in the
cut clean workspace so you have to choose the cutting workspace here and then you have to meet here
in the beginning when I started develop with Ross.
I usually use Eclipse very often.
It's a very nice development environment.
However it's a little bit slow and a bit heavy.
So there are other alternatives I'm going to show a little bit later so you can actually develop in
Python you can develop in C++.
Over there are some configurations that you need to do to configure it needs to work with your workspace.
Let me make a demonstration on a new workspace so I'm going to close this one because it's already configured
so let's create a new workspace.
Just test how to up an eclipse with it.
I'm going to call it Myra's workspace.
Does associate know I'm going to then make so now our workspace is created so after creating the workspace
we need to create an Eclipse project inside.
And for this we're going to use the following command we execute this command here and now we have an
Eclipse project created.
So now I'm ready to use Eclipse to work in my new cat keen workspace.
So I'm going to open eclipse now and then I have to browse and select the new workspace.
Now you can see what you offer the workspace.
There is no project so we need to import the project use import.
You go to join the existing projects into workspace and then you have to browse and select the root
directory.
So here pay attention that little directory is the big directory.
So we have to select be less okay and then finish and then we will see that we have this is our source
directly for the moment.
We don't have any project here.
We can create a new package for example.
So let's create a new package I need to go to the source for work and then I'm going to create a package
digging tutorials so you can give it any name.
So the package is now created and then we need to do a cat can.
So I use the shortcuts the M which is an alias that they made to the command I can make.
So I do cat can make now and our project is now compiled.
So if I refresh.
We're going to find our package big in the toilet here.
So now you can create any file you can create to find in Python.
OK.
For example you can create a file listener that by and write your code over here.
You can create some BP files you have you have the see make list at the extremes.
Now you can develop your program or you can add a new program using Eclipse.
So this is how to configure eclipse to work in that environment.
Another editor that you can also use is to blame.
So you blame me as a lightweight editor.
So actually you can take your whole project and rugged into the cage workspace.
So for example here we have different packages.
I'm going to take this one.
Bring it here.
Then you have all the different files saleable.
Okay.
So for example you can program in C++ and you can also program in Python nicely.
So now for example if you want to execute any program for example I want to execute the Tucker and the
listener.
Now I'm in the package right.
Trading so I'm going to make the world a score and then of course restaurant during less training and
then I'll cut that out.
So of course you can modify using the sublime Ed and then you can write using a terminal.
So it's sublime.
There is no integrated terminal.
And that's why my actually favorite editor is visit a studio called visual studio code is another alternative
that you can use in order to program with Russ in two parts C++ Python and different programming languages.
Okay.
And it works pretty much the same way as sublime.
So for example if I open a new window and they would like to put some projects here I will do in the
same way I'm going to take this one for example.
Let me take a take it you another one I'll put it here and then you will have all the files.
OK.
So you have this listener and this is staggered by.
And the good thing that I like here is that you have an integrated terminal so you can write your code
over here integrated so you.
Another alternative is to open another extension terminal like this.
But it probably year or any appropriate place but also it is very convenient to use this integrated
terminal whenever you want to run some programs like for example what you can do.
You can have a really low score running here and then you can put all our comments here so I can make
this topic list.
So I have a rough score running and then I can run my programs from here.
Let me run again to tell her the fight that is going to run.
So this integrated tempura is a nice feature in the visual pseudocode.
The layout is also nice and simple to use and it is lightweight as compared to eclipse for example it
is a much lighter weight.
So I would recommend to use visual to your content of course you can use any editor of your choice.
These are just some suggestions that may help you select an appropriate development environment for
you.
Ross projects.